deploymentresource: Add support for EnterpriseSearch resource type (#37)
elastic/terraform-provider-ec: examples/deployment_enterprise_search/README.md

# Deployment Example

This example shows how to deploy an Elastic Cloud Appsearch deployment using Terraform only.

> The created resources are a single-node Elasticsearch cluster with a Kibana and AppSearch instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The created resources are a single-node Elasticsearch cluster with a Kibana and Enterprise Search instances.
```
